Add "Search pat in mods" syntax equivalent to "Search pat inside mods" (#15139)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/15139-search-in.rst

- **Added:**

>   :cmd:`Search` understands modifier ``in`` as an alias of ``inside``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Search` now accepts ``in`` as an alias of ``inside``
```

Reviewer: Or maybe say `Search*` without the `:cmd:` since 3 commands were changed.

Reviewer 2: Or just list the three commands.

  (`#15139 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15139>`_,
  fixes `#14930 <https://github.com/coq/coq/issues/14930>`_,
  by Gaëtan Gilbert).

>   This is intended to ease transition for ssreflect Search users.

Reviewer: Maybe move this sentence before the ``` (`#15139 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15139>`_, ```
